---
title: Last lesson before christmas
layout: post
author: spencer.norways
permalink: /last-lesson-before-christmas/
source-id: 15zhVCcPqijuyMxezw9A-2P0ebz1FP1eDv1bK_EkK0XY
published: true
---
Unfortunately I was unable to attend this week's IT lesson as I was not in school.  however I have caught up with what we did in the lesson and I've worked more on my AI. it is now functioning to do multiple different questions and is quite smart to challenge the reader to see what he can do with the different functions.  I have questions like where do you live do you like where you live have you always lived where you live and other questions like that.  hopefully the user find them engaging and fun to try with the AI.  it was really a challenge for me to set up my AI as I was not in the last lesson and I probably missed some crucial details,  however I feel like I have done a good job pairing my tie the next lesson to show to Mr Keen.  I think Mr keen will really like my AI as it is quite clever and challenges you.  I was also told that we had to work on our blog to make it look better for next lesson.  to do this I change the colour of my background and I'm planning to add in a table next week I think this will prove the look of my blog massively,  making it nice and good to read.  over Christmas I had a look with my dad at some coding skills using repl.it.  this was very interesting as my dad is very into his python and he likes explaining things to me.  he showed me how to use indentations properly and how they can be used in an AI,  such as my one that we are working on it in class currently. This Really helped me when I was doing my AI,  as it meant that I did not get the message invalid syntax,  which was starting to annoy me as I heard it over and over again! I am very happy with my AI and I'm really looking forward to showing it to our teacher as I think you will be very happy with it as well to see the efforts that I have put in to the AI to make it the standard it is now. I have only had one lesson with Mr T but I really feel that it has helped me with my AI and he is giving me some very good guidance.  I am really looking forward to seeing how I can develop my AI further and make it into something really incredible 

